[Music]
eye
gift to the fans okay the one that
reminds you of this polarity and
that you freak out
look you see yourself first
of course
if you want sometimes I didn't reach the
level of 6 sow or photocall or anything like
that but if you put myself in the
situation like and you had the
photocall and people come they are
giving you gifts obviously if they
give you something new a cushion a mug
a photo a chain something that you can
keep
obviously you are not going to throw away the
guards no but what is the issue of
cardboards craft [ __ ] I think it
is obvious that nobody is going to set up
a stationery store in the house so I will
also rust it and even without
disrespect and look down on the person who
is giving them to me but I would see it as normal to
throw it away already like so what message are they
giving you with all their heart do not have to
look down on but let's make a
shoe box and it says aurum play and your
caricature and now a cardboard full
of glitter what are you going to do with the
cardboard
in fact around here I must have
look first you  I give my opinion on what you
just said, it's
true that people gave you
really crazy things, I mean, there were people who
gave you everything from a pen to
a box that came to you from Amazon, but
like, from Amazon, and inside there was a piece of
cardboard and there was, I don't know, a
stone from my city, from my beach, it was
incredible. In fact, to this day I still
have gifts,
but I've done a lot of cleaning, of
course, because that's normal.
In this case, a lot of things happened.
First, I mean, that day was the
Estopa concert, okay, yes, and I
remember that we left the gifts in the
dressing room because we weren't going to go to an
Estopa concert, loaded with bags and
nothing, and then the next day we were going to send
someone from You Planet to
go and get the gifts and take them
to the offices. Now then, we'll do a
little bit of choosing. Hey, can I
stay because I don't have any room
at home anymore? I'll keep the mug, I'll stay,
and we'll do a little bit of triage,
but this group of two
comedians came and I think the
cleaners saw it.  they put it in the
trash the two comedians arrived they
saw that mess they recorded that video
that video arrived in Dallas Dallas and made
the video and the Norwegian tuna thing started who
released the video first no well well
first the comedians released
that controversy I don't think it was left before you
know who came Torbe
yes because at that time I had
a war with Wish Michu to the death
and when he saw that Torbes brought it out it was that's when
Dallas realized the
situation
then he decided to make that video
I
remember
[Music]
when it came out a couple of years ago it
became about
gifts
in Barcelona full of boxes of garbage
where everything was cardboard and there was a
moment when we were moving I said
sorry but this is not worth it some of them
obviously had to be eliminated and
others are in the You Planet warehouses
[Music]